Sizing Information | Yokohama Tire Car | Truck | SUV Tires Motorsports Merchandise Dealers & Fleets Shop Tires by application All-Season Summer Winter Off-Road Commercial Grade Eco-Conscious by vehicle type Performance Cars Passenger Cars Crossovers/SUVs Trucks Side-by-Sides/UTVs Electric Vehicles (EVs) Minivans Competition Vans by tire family ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK oe fitments OE Fitments About Us Company Our Mission Our History Environmental Commitment Corporate Initiatives Eco-Conscious Products Partnerships Motorsports Team Yokohama Yokohama Experience Community Outreach Newsroom Careers Contact Us Owners Circle Register Your Tires Satisfaction Survey Official Merchandise Yokohama E-Store ADVAN Original Goods Warranty & Tire Safety Warranty 30-Day Trial Safety Information Recalls Tires 101 How To Choose a Tire Selecting the Right Tire The Yokohama Tire Family How to Read a Sidewall Sizing Information Product Information UTQG DOT Marking Markings & Warnings Maintenance & Care Mounting Your Tires Balancing Your Tires Alignment Tire Inspection Tire Pressure Tire Rotation Tire Replacement Tire Life Flat Tire Repair Tire Technology Tread Design Tire Construction Manufacturing Processes Promotions Rebates Tire Finder Search Popular Quick Links Tire Finder Newsroom Tire Registration Warranty Find a Dealer Car | Truck | SUV Tires Motorsports Merchandise Dealers & Fleets Tires Dealers Vehicle Tire Size Make Acura Alfa Romeo AM General American Motors Aston Martin Audi Avanti Bentley Bertone BMW Buick Cadillac Checker Chevrolet Chrysler Coda Daewoo Daihatsu DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Freightliner Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti International Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lordstown Motors Lotus Lucid Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury Merkur MG Mini Mitsubishi Mobility Ventures Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Peugeot Pininfarina Plymouth Polestar Pontiac Porsche RAM Renault Rivian Rolls-Royce Saab Saleen Saturn Scion Smart SRT Sterling Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Triumph Volkswagen Volvo VPG Yugo Year Model Trim + Add Rear Tire Find Your Tires Width 30 31 32 33 35 37 38 40 45 55 175 185 195 205 215 225 235 245 255 265 275 285 295 305 315 325 P185 P195 P205 P215 P225 P235 P245 P255 P265 P275 P285 HL275 HL295 HL315 LT215 LT225 LT235 LT245 LT255 LT265 LT275 LT285 LT295 LT305 LT315 LT325 Aspect Ratio Diameter + Add Rear Tire Size Find Your Tires View All Tires Clear Filters Find A Dealer Near You Find Dealers How to Read a Sidewall Sizing Information Tires 101 / How to Read a Sidewall / Sizing Information Sizing information molded on the tire sidewall provides a significant amount of detail about the tire. Once you know how to decode the data, you’ll be able to better understand the tire's intended purpose, dimensions, load capacity, speed and much more. Service Type or Size Designation Some tire size designations start with a letter(s) that identify the type of vehicle and/or type of service for which they were designed. The typical letter for passenger and light truck tires would be P, LT, T and C. Passenger tires that are designed based on the Tire and Rim Association’s (TRA) standard start with the letter P and are known as P-metric size tires. Passenger tires that are designed based on the European Tyre and Rim Technical Organization’s (ETRTO) standard start without any letters. These sizes are known as hard-metric or Euro-metric size tires. Euro-metric sizes are dimensionally equivalent to P-metric sizes, but typically differ subtly in load-carrying capabilities. Light truck tires that are designed based on the TRA’s standard often start with two letters: LT. LT signifies the tire is a light truck-metric size that was designed to be used on pickup trucks, which have higher cargo carrying and towing capabilities than passenger cars. An example of this type of sizing convention is an LT215/75R15 . In older size conventions, the LT designation may be at the end of tire size. Those sizes are known as flotation light truck size. An example of this type of sizing convention is an 35x12.50R17LT. A tire size that begins with a letter T signifies the tire is a temporary spare or mini-spare. This kind of tire is designed to be used temporarily, only until a flat tire can be repaired or replaced. A Euro-metric size designed for carrying heavy cargo and/or towing trailers often ends with the letter C. C signified the tire is a commercial tread, intended for vans or delivery trucks that are capable of carrying heavy loads. 195/70R15C is an example of this type of sizing convention. Tire Dimensions The three-digit number identifies the tire’s section width in millimeters. The actual tire may not match perfectly to this, but it is close. The two-digit number following the section width identifies the tire’s aspect ratio. Aspect ratio is simply identified as a percentage of the section height divided by the section width. In the example below, the aspect ratio of the tire is 70 percent, so the section height of tire will be 129.5mm. The higher the aspect ratio, the taller the tire sidewall. A letter R following the tire aspect ratio identifies the tire's construction as a radial tire. In rare cases, a D will identify a bias ply construction, where the body plies crisscross on a diagonal. In recent years, ETRTO has adopted F branding standards that allowed tire manufacturers to identify tires with self-supporting, run-flat constructions within the tire size designation. The last two digits on tire size refer to the rim diameter, or the size of the wheel that the tire is intended to fit. Service Descriptions The two- or three-digits after the rim diameter, along with the letter next to it, are known as service descriptions. Service descriptions show the load index, which defines the maximum loading capacity of a tire, along with the speed rating, which determines the maximum speed allowed. This table shows the typical passenger tire load index along with the maximum loading capacity. The maximum loading capacity at maximum pressure is also available on the tire sidewall. In this example, a load index of 116 on a P265/70R17 116 will be a maximum of 2,756 pounds of load per tire. Passenger tires are also identified as light load (LL), standard load (SL) or extra load (XL) on the sidewall. This is the same in both P-metric and Euro-metric sizes, however, the inflation pressure at maximum load slightly varies between the two. Light truck tires are identified by load range, which vary from load range B to load range F. The majority of tires in the market are load range C, D and E. This table shows the load index in the tire. Each load index in light truck sizes is also identified by two numbers. The first number is the maximum load in single wheel, and the second number is the maximum load in dual-vehicle applications. In this example, 121/118 represents the maximum load of 3,197 pounds in single and 2,910 pounds on a dual application. A tire’s maximum load is the most weight the tire is designed to carry. Since a tire’s load carrying capacity is related to the tire’s size and how much inflation pressure is actually used, maximum loads are rated with the tire inflated to an industry-assigned inflation pressure. Never exceed the maximum vehicle load limit listed on the vehicle placard or in the owner’s manual. Never exceed the load carrying limits molded into the tire’s sidewall. Maximum load can only be carried at the maximum cold inflation pressure indicated on the tire’s sidewall. Overloading can cause excessive heat buildup, internal structural damage and may cause tire failure. This following table illustrates the speed capability of tires. Speed ratings were established to match the speed capability of tires with the top speed of the vehicles to which they are applied. Speed rating does not suggest the speed of the vehicle, and only shows the maximum capability of the tire. Regardless of the speed capability of your tires, never exceed lawful speeds or speeds dictated by driving conditions. Exceeding a tire’s speed capacity could cause overheating and sudden tire failure. Tire Spinning Do not allow the reading on the speedometer to exceed 35 mph if tires are spinning because the vehicle becomes stuck in mud, snow, ice, etc. When only one tire on an axle is spinning, its speed can be double what is indicated on the speedometer and can quickly exceed the capability of the tire. Never allow anyone to stand behind a spinning tire while attempting to push a vehicle. Speed and force can cause a tire to disintegrate and explode and may cause property damage, serious personal injury or death to you or a bystander. Inflation Pressure A tire can only do its job of carrying a vehicle load when it’s properly inflated. Vehicle manufacturers assign a tire size with a specific tire pressure to carry the load of the vehicle and passengers, and provide the best balance of handling, traction, fuel efficiency and durability. This inflation pressure is almost always different from what is indicated on the sidewall. The sidewall indicates the maximum pressure and corresponding load for the tire, but the recommended pressure can always be found in the placard in the driver’s door panel. In case of a tire size change, the proper inflation pressure will be recommended to maintain the same amount of load. Higher inflation pressure provides higher load capacity, which is why light load passenger tires have maximum load pressure of 35/36 psi, while extra load passenger tires have a maximum load pressure of 41/42 psi. Warning: Underinflation and/or overloading of a tire causes excessive heat build-up and internal structural damage. Overinflation makes it more likely for tires to be cut, punctured or broken by sudden impact. These conditions may cause a tire failure, including a tread/belt separation, even at a later date, which can lead to an accident and serious personal injury or death. Related Information How to Read a Sidewall Product Information UTQG DOT Marking Markings & Warnings Find your Yokohama Tires Follow Us Other Yokohama Sites Yokohama Commercial Yokohama Canada Yokohama Mexico Company Info About Yokohama Careers Contact Us Find a Dealer Tire Families ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK Quick Links Rebates Warranty Other Yokohama Sites Yokohama Commercial Yokohama Canada Yokohama Mexico Company Info About Yokohama Careers Contact Us Find a Dealer Tire Families ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK Quick Links Rebates Warranty Register Your tires © 2026 Yokohama Tire Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell or Share My Information Supply Chain Transparency Privacy Terms Of Use Sitemap Accessibility Statement