Selecting the Right Tire | Yokohama Tire Car | Truck | SUV Tires Motorsports Merchandise Dealers & Fleets Shop Tires by application All-Season Summer Winter Off-Road Commercial Grade Eco-Conscious by vehicle type Performance Cars Passenger Cars Crossovers/SUVs Trucks Side-by-Sides/UTVs Electric Vehicles (EVs) Minivans Competition Vans by tire family ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK oe fitments OE Fitments About Us Company Our Mission Our History Environmental Commitment Corporate Initiatives Eco-Conscious Products Partnerships Motorsports Team Yokohama Yokohama Experience Community Outreach Newsroom Careers Contact Us Owners Circle Register Your Tires Satisfaction Survey Official Merchandise Yokohama E-Store ADVAN Original Goods Warranty & Tire Safety Warranty 30-Day Trial Safety Information Recalls Tires 101 How To Choose a Tire Selecting the Right Tire The Yokohama Tire Family How to Read a Sidewall Sizing Information Product Information UTQG DOT Marking Markings & Warnings Maintenance & Care Mounting Your Tires Balancing Your Tires Alignment Tire Inspection Tire Pressure Tire Rotation Tire Replacement Tire Life Flat Tire Repair Tire Technology Tread Design Tire Construction Manufacturing Processes Promotions Rebates Tire Finder Search Popular Quick Links Tire Finder Newsroom Tire Registration Warranty Find a Dealer Car | Truck | SUV Tires Motorsports Merchandise Dealers & Fleets Tires Dealers Vehicle Tire Size Make Acura Alfa Romeo AM General American Motors Aston Martin Audi Avanti Bentley Bertone BMW Buick Cadillac Checker Chevrolet Chrysler Coda Daewoo Daihatsu DeLorean Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Freightliner Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti International Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Karma Kia Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lordstown Motors Lotus Lucid Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury Merkur MG Mini Mitsubishi Mobility Ventures Nissan Oldsmobile Panoz Peugeot Pininfarina Plymouth Polestar Pontiac Porsche RAM Renault Rivian Rolls-Royce Saab Saleen Saturn Scion Smart SRT Sterling Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Triumph Volkswagen Volvo VPG Yugo Year Model Trim + Add Rear Tire Find Your Tires Width 30 31 32 33 35 37 38 40 45 55 175 185 195 205 215 225 235 245 255 265 275 285 295 305 315 325 P185 P195 P205 P215 P225 P235 P245 P255 P265 P275 P285 HL275 HL295 HL315 LT215 LT225 LT235 LT245 LT255 LT265 LT275 LT285 LT295 LT305 LT315 LT325 Aspect Ratio Diameter + Add Rear Tire Size Find Your Tires View All Tires Clear Filters Find A Dealer Near You Find Dealers How To Choose a Tire Selecting the Right Tire Tires 101 / How To Choose a Tire / Selecting the Right Tire When selecting a tire, the two areas that you will need to consider are the size requirements of your vehicle and the tire characteristics needed to satisfy your driving needs. Tire Sizing First and foremost, size is everything when it comes to choosing the right tire. It’s imperative that you select a tire designed to fit your wheel size and vehicle type by: Identifying the tire size. Identifying the load index and speed symbol. Ensuring your size, load index and speed matches your current vehicle year, make and model. For more information on tire sizing, click here . Tire Requirements After sizing, there are three main criteria that you need to consider when choosing a replacement tire: where you drive (geography), why you drive (operation) and what mileage you would expect (longevity). Geography & Weather Where you live and the weather you drive in makes a big difference in the type of tires you should choose for your vehicle. In most areas of the country, all-season tires will likely meet your general tire requirements. If you live in the sunbelt region of the country, you may want to consider summer tires. Because this driving environment is generally dry or hot, you should consider tires with a higher level of dry braking, including those with higher UTQG temperature level (A) ratings. If you expect to drive in rainy weather, you should consider tires with a higher level of wet traction, which may include those with higher UTQG traction levels (AA, A). Northern areas often face cold temperatures that can impact your tires. If you live in the snowbelt region of the country and rely heavily on your vehicle to travel in snowy and icy conditions, you may want to consider dedicated winter tires or all-season tires with a three-peak mountain snowflake (3PMS) symbol, which certifies that they are rated for severe snow service. Winter tires should always be installed on every wheel position. Winter tires on only one axle can lead to unpredictable handling. Many Yokohama winter tires have a snow wear tread indicator at 50% of the total tread depth. This bar is intended as a reminder that deep snow performance may diminish at that level of wear. Never reduce tire pressures in an attempt to increase traction on snow or ice. Slow down and drive carefully in adverse winter driving conditions. If you drive in icy conditions, ensure that your tires have a higher level of ice braking performance. These may include winter tires or all-season tires with severe snow flake mountain ratings. Operation The kind of driving you do with your vehicle is important to determining the best type of tire for your particular needs. Most tires are suitable if you are looking for primarily commuting and running errands. Choose your particular tire based on the type of vehicle (Car, CUV/SUV, Truck, Electric Vehicle) and how you want your vehicle to perform (sporty & responsive, quiet & comfortable or balanced performance). You may also want to consider run flat tires, as these are now standard or optional on many late-model vehicles. Many tire types are also suitable for daily work vehicles. The type of tire that you will want to consider for your work vehicle may be influenced by the terrain that you will need to drive (mainly highway, on- and off-road or more severe off-road) and whether you will have heavy towing or load-carrying requirements, which may require higher load-rated tires. For recreational use, summer and all-season tire types are available for drivers looking for increased traction and performance. Choose your particular tire based on how you want your vehicle to perform (sporty & responsive, balanced performance or race track capable). If you chose summer tires for recreational use, you may need to purchase separate tires depending on the weather in your area. If off-road recreation is your primary need, all-terrain and mud-terrain tires are available for off-road performance. Choose your particular tire based on how you want your vehicle to perform (balanced on road and off road, aggressive mud, rock crawling or overlanding.) Longevity Longer lasting tires can add value if they provide the performance required for your given geography and operational requirements. However, not all tires can achieve the highest mileage available and still meet varying weather conditions or all performance requirements of your specific driving needs. The chart below gives a general warranty range that you can expect based on certain tire types. The mileage ranges displayed above are common ranges and may not represent the full warranties on the market. If your vehicle has staggered sizes, with different sizes on the front and rear axles, the warranty will often be 50% of the standard mileage. For more information on Yokohama's warranty, click here . Related Information How To Choose a Tire The Yokohama Tire Family Find your Yokohama Tires Follow Us Other Yokohama Sites Yokohama Commercial Yokohama Canada Yokohama Mexico Company Info About Yokohama Careers Contact Us Find a Dealer Tire Families ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK Quick Links Rebates Warranty Other Yokohama Sites Yokohama Commercial Yokohama Canada Yokohama Mexico Company Info About Yokohama Careers Contact Us Find a Dealer Tire Families ADVAN AVID GEOLANDAR iceGUARD PARADA BluEarth TORNANTE YK Quick Links Rebates Warranty Register Your tires © 2026 Yokohama Tire Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Do Not Sell or Share My Information Supply Chain Transparency Privacy Terms Of Use Sitemap Accessibility Statement